well hello again it's Doug Benson with
Eska properties and I finally have a
vacancy here at my Dallas Avenue
apartments I think they're called the
Shady Elm apartments but I like to come
to Dallas Avenue just has a nicer ring
I'm standing in the kitchen actually I'm
standing in the dining room pointing
back towards the kitchen I just want to
give you a little brief video tour of
these apartments to help you make a
decision if you want to live here I'll
tell you this they're massive apartments
they're around 900 square feet I'm gonna
try to paint a picture for you so you
can see how that square feet is used as
you can see here I'm going to pan down
this is our kitchen in this particular
kitchen we have new hardware on the
cabinets and new countertop and over
here as I swing to the right you can see
the appliances we've got a you know
built-in microwave a nice stove new
refrigerator and quite a bit of room
actually as you can see I'm standing in
the dining room pointed back toward the
kitchen I'm gonna pit a little bit to
the right you get an idea of this living
room here the living room probably is
around 15 by 25 feet it's just very very
big you'll get a lot more perspective of
how big this thing is
okay I'm gonna come and just pivot back
here I'll get into the kitchen I'll kind
of show you where I was standing there's
that day or a month on you about off the
end of the cabinets so we've got where
I'm paying all your utilities except
electric you can see the baseboard there
that's water heat so the water radiator
runs the full length of this line that's
on the floor of course you can see the
through the wall air conditioner now
that's electrical right so that would be
your bill if it was summertime here we
happen to have a nice window this is a
garden level apartment so this one is
you know obviously not up in the air
it's half way under the ground but just
very bright in here and very very
livable if that's Thord I'm going to
pivot here now into the living room I'll
stand here in the far corner you can see
there's a little bit of a circle there
that's coming from the other side of the
kitchen
there's looking back into the dining
room so you get a perspective of really
how big that area
is this is our living room here I don't
have exact measurements but I hope you
can get an idea of really how impressive
it is in size we'll move through the
unit we're in the hallway now staring
down at the end of the hallway of course
there's a bath down there we'll take a
look at that well let's come down here
and we're gonna pivot to the right so
you can see the size of these bedrooms
I'm going to use the word massive
because I can't think of whatever word
to describe this this is new carpet
that's in this particular unit as well
this bedroom that I'm in is the smallest
of the two you can see the large double
closet there at the end of the bedroom
again this is the smallest of the two
and this one's 12 by 12 let's go into
the other bedroom and in this unit this
is the larger bedroom this one's 14 by
12 so we've got some pretty good sized
bedrooms in this unit in fact I would
say they're the largest bedrooms I've
ever seen in two bedroom units looking
back you can see again the Bank of
closets for the double closet also
notice out through the door here another
Bank of closets okay
so let's turn to the right will pivot in
here you can see a bathroom fully
accommodated bathroom we've got tile on
the floor tile on the wall that's a new
stool it's a water saving water
efficient toilets
so when we flush you know we're not
using up as much water as some of the
other ones would like to use and we're
trying to get a handle on that in terms
of just our water usage and our basic
utility usage in this building so it can
be just better citizens here's the
entrance to the apartment we'll walk
down here through this hallway so you
can see we have a closet door here this
is near the entrance right there's the
entrance into the apartment and we'll
swing to the right and this is kind of
where we started our journey so back
there you have it this is the Dallas
Avenue apartments these are located in
Holt Michigan an amazing School District
actually a
the nation school district many people
are spending a lot of time trying to get
here so they can live and hold and I'm
sorry to say this is the only vacancy
that I have in this building and it's
not going to be vacant for long I just
wanted to get a chance to videotape this
place because uh they turnover quicker
than I've been able to show up here with
my video equipment so anyway
please ask your properties Doug Benson
my wife Deborah Benson she works with me
we're trying to do this and trying to
put really great living places together
for folks give either one of us a call
if you're interested we're five one
seven two nine zero six seven three nine
or five one seven two eight one five
four zero four we're local we're close
by and we've got some pretty great
places to live